There are 3 similar Shengnuan with Su Nian
Fu Yunxi was raised as a substitute lover
And Saint Nuan thinks it's you who should fall in love with him
I think Fu Yunxi's white moonlight Su Nian is the mistress
After entering the circle, he fought against Su Nian everywhere
Until he was abandoned by Fu Yunxi
He realized the situation
Just when he was desperate
Another person, the wealthy persimmon, appeared
come
Archer I won
male god
The right to develop that 200 million land belongs to me
Hey, who counts you?
Sure enough, she is a lowly concubine
Shengnuan, shouldn't you?
Are you still daydreaming of being Mrs. Gu?
You can't get into our world
Don't overdo it.
Don't don't move
You go out you go out
Substitute Lover Shengnuan
After the incident of being kept
Hooked up with the second young master of the Gu family again
I thought I found true love
Little do they know that this is an abnormal bet to see the prince
He sharpened his head to enter the rich circle
But ended up in disrepute
This is so useless
Master Yuan wants to win Fu Yunxi's concentration
And become a star in the circle with strength
Is this your mission this time?
Didn't he transform and twist too much?
Let's play a battle of the whole army
This is the appeal of the original owner.
Never mind.
If you have money, you can give it away.
I haven't chosen a skill yet.
The original subject studied arrangement
To stand firm
Then this one is perfect.
What the hell is so fierce?
Fu allows to lose for the first time
No wonder it's so beautiful
Oh, it's kind of cute
The suction powder is burnt here
Are you sleeping or sleeping?
Not lustful
Isn't this for the plot?
Ah!
You just stopped hurting me.